Apr 1
Start @ 3 AM to Dubai Airport
Flight @ 5:55 AM to Cairo lands @ 11 AM
Head to Egyptian Museum, Dinner Cruise and then to Hotel.
Checkin to Hotel
Spend the night

Apr 2
Hot air ballon @ pyramids of GIza
Pyramids of Giza, Spinx 
8 Hours
Memphis Tours representative will pick you up from your hotel, to enjoy a pyramid tour of Cheops, Chephren and Mykerinus. Then proceed to visit the Great Sphinx, which dates from the time of Chephren; the tour also includes a visit to the Valley Temple, which belongs to the pyramid of chefren. Then have your lunch at local restaurant and Move to visit the Egyptian Museum, which features artifacts from the Pharaonic period. The museum displays a rare collection of 5000 years of art which is considered the largest most precious collection of Egyptian art in the world. Over 250,000 artifacts are presented, including an exhibit dedicated to Tutankhamen collection of treasure, gold and jewelry which was enclosed in his tomb for over 3,500 years before it was discovered in the 1920s when his tomb was discovered. Back to hotel after your Pyramid Tour.

Move to Cairo Train station, Late Night train to Aswan.

Apr 3
Reach Aswan
Visit Pilae Temple and settle in hotel
4 Hours
 Start your tour by a visit to the High Dam, an engineering miracle built in 1960 protecting Egypt from annual floods from the Nile. Then proceed to visit the Unfinished Obelisk which shows the techniques used by the ancient Egyptians to cut obelisks. Most probably this obelisk belongs to Queen Hatshepsut, one of the rulers of the 18th Dynasty and the royal wife of king Tuthmosis II. This queen was the owner of her Temple in the eastern bank of Luxor . Also there is an opinion said that it belongs to Queen Nefertiti. Move on to visit the majestic Philae Temple which was built on the honor of Goddess Isis the chief deity of the island. Later you will be transferred back to your hotel.

 1 Hour 
 Enjoy your Felucca Ride in Aswan. You will be picked up from hotel or Nile cruise in Aswan by your tour guide to start sailing the Nile by the felucca for about one Hour around Elephantine Island and to visit the Botanical Gardens, which is rich of its plants that were imported from all over the world In the year of 1899 Lord Kitchener used this Island to be a place where his campaign can rest, and call it the Lord's house. After his death, this Island belonged to the ministry of agriculture, from there you will be transferred back to your hotel or Nile cruise in Aswan.

Rest in hotel. 
 
Apr 4
Early morning 4 AM to Abu Simbel
Enjoy your Abu Simbel Day Trip from Aswan. Our Memphis Tours Representative will pick you up from your hotel in Aswan by a PRIVATE air-conditioned vehicle to enjoy Abu Simbel which its main attraction is the great sun temple of RamsesII and the temple of queen Nefertari. Both temples were discovered in 1813 it was almost completely covered with sand. Then both temples were moved in 1960 by the help of Egyptian government and UNESCO to avoid the rising water of the Nile. Ramses II built the temple mostly to honour himself as inside there is a mural depicting his famous victory at Kadesh battle where his army defeated his enemies. On the north of Ramses temple, the Nefertari Temple which was built by Ramses II to his favourite wife Queen Nefertari among other 200 wives and concubines. After finishing the visit you will be escorted back to your hotel in Aswan by your private air-conditioned vehicle.

Apr 5
Visit Kom Ombh, Edfu and Esna temples and head to Luxor.
Night stay in Luxor

Apr 6
Full day trip of East and West Bank of Luxor

Night train to Cairo Airport Go Bus to Airport

Apr 7
12 Pm Flight back to Dubai

